# interesting-data-sets
This is a stub. The core of this repository will likely be a JSON file of urls for interesting public data sets, of interest to those who follow the news in the Mid-Atlantic region. We will probably create some sorts of alerts based on these, with the idea of hooking projects atop them when they change.

TODOS (mostly OYOT): 
- Create the spreadsheet listed on the *last* step of this to-do list. It's actually the important part. The rest is all just a fun way of ultimately opening up our already-used data by default. (We already have a bunch of brainstorms floating around, but I believe they are mainly in verbal or email form most days, and/or mixed in with projects that don't involve gathering our own data. Something more persistent  and data-specific might be handy.)
- Create an initial JSON file -- make it flexible!
- Import existing urls from your current alerts on changealerts.com
- Since it's *usually* likely that a given data set is either outside the scope of our default scraper and/or better served by other tools, add links in the readme to external tools like Google Alerts, FOIAMachine, pandaproject.net, ScraperWiki, Kimono, Import.io, tabula, MuckRock, etc.,.
- If it's not present already, you should include a field in your JSON file that signifies which kind of tools we might be able to use. Maybe also include a field signifying the tool we ultimately choose to use -- possibly along with a link to a specific scraper or project page.
- If it's not present already, add another field to each source on your JSON file listing story ideas related to a given source. Include a "see private doc" option that points to something only the team can see. (This can be used frequently -- by default, even -- and allows us to be relatively transparent while not giving away everything we're working on.) These are likely to include repeating times in years or political cycles when certain data sets become more intersting (as with FEC data near election season or NCAA coaching salaries during March Madness). Maybe even formalize these times into their own private fields? 
- Create a simple way for the team to contribute their own sources. Test it, then show it to them. (Maybe this is a google spreadsheet that we selectively pull from via a server script? Not sure.)
